welcome to Scrapyard Wars where Luke and
I compete to build the best computer on
a fixed budget we get to play with an
enormous
$800 including a hundred bucks to spend
on whatever we want from our sponsor
Jawa at the end of the week our setups
will be put through the ultimate
Gauntlet to find out who wins scrapyard
Wars
[Music]
you ready yeah we'll make it work my
name's still lindsy right yeah yeah yeah
yeah uh we're trying to make a computer
for our nephew Ryan right now we're
mostly looking for a keyboard a mouse
maybe a power supply if there's one of
those sorry I'm not 100% up on the
terminology but the main parts I'm
hoping the disguise is working ayzen
system ryzen
1700 see look this one is right
underneath the here would you mind if I
ripped that one out would that be okay
also some Ram maybe but it would need to
be ddr4 which I think that might be DDR
three yeah some power supplies here all
these are going to be 350 what I don't
have a screwdriver with me here um do
you have one with you or I we can go
upstairs and grab one from there too
okay we've got another youth shelf
upstairs with stuff I'll see if there's
anything else up there cool thank you
very much okay they literally just like
walked right in front of the car I know
this guy knows me I used to come here
and get free Tech all the time so it's
going to be a little
s unfortunately the the platform we
currently have is ddr4 but I appreciate
the the look found oh nice okay awesome
it was Box about this size and it just
had a whole bunch of scrap that's okay I
appreciate it power supply and the mouse
will will come in handy good luck
finding the rest of the pieces thank you
now that this is concluded I will say I
noticed the LTT screwdriver did you
recognize me at all I do yeah might be a
little easier without the glasses
without the glasses and the uh NE
tattoos the beard and the tattoos and
stuff when we were about to leave he
gave me a few looks that were like a
little longer than they probably
normally would have been and I could
tell he was like trying to pierce the
glasses a little bit and then we went
inside and he haded me the LTD
screwdriver and I was like well all
right and I was like okay from here on
if he offers anything like crazy then we
I'm going to have to say no but we got
an old Power Man 350 wat power supply I
think this is like an IBM Thinkpad Mouse
so all we need now technically is a a
keyboard audio solution and a chair AIO
this mouse sucks we're probably still
going to want to buy that combo set and
we don't need the audio today is that
right I guess technically not we could
get the audio tomorrow so we're doing
okay actually so I think we should head
back and try to get this computer going
all right I'm adjusting Lanes oh my God
done woohoo hey there we go oh just uh
you know part of the
life have to have a constant makeup
person brother what's up brother here's
the rundown our GPU arrived from java
which means combined with storage we
have everything to put together our
final computer we've got the deal to
sell most of our leftovers but it's way
in Vancouver super far away and the deal
sucks H whole offered $10 fee and me in
the afternoon I think we might have to
take it I guess if that's the best we
got that's the best we got with all that
said priority number one is to get this
damn sweater off I'm dying right now
it's so
warm okay let's get system built have
you ever built a computer before yes
okay good build a computer go no kidding
I'll help okay let's do this thing I
have a gift for you oh these Jaa special
edition screwdrivers get rid of this one
this one's gone look at these Beau
colors from our sponsor Jawa well I mean
it's from us isn't it yeah we made it
but we wouldn't have made it without
their
colors thanks Jaa we're actually going
to be giving some of these away on Flow
plane at the end of this and Jaa is also
going to be giving some away so go to
check them out online I'm taking all of
the whoa thanks Daniel and then let's
get all these cheap fans out of here and
then we're going to replace them with
the no toas that are in the other case
oh yeah that's something you can do
Sammy do I also get a Jawa audition
screwdriver for now thank you wow lots
of KN to of fans oh yeah no sami's got
more what yeah more fans oh I found us
some speakers Sammy check out these
speakers yo 20 bucks you smell like glue
well you smell like we're about to get a
good deal
that's good thank you 6 p.m. ah sorry
you're doing great Sammy how is the
selling going I don't think anyone else
has messaged so when are we supposed to
meet pal I haven't confirmed yet but
this afternoon oh my God it's afternoon
we do not want to get stuck in rush hour
traffic today no I know it doesn't
really matter but it's not getting these
nocta fans we want the nocta fans
question for you lus are you doing
Windows 10 or 11 well unlike some people
I'm compatible with Windows 11 what do
you know about the other system I know
that I'm compatible with Windows 11 and
they're asking about Windows 10 so I say
we're on Windows 11 I don't know how to
scoot this fan in it's really tight okay
there you go I don't want to break
anything no no you're good if you break
it just remember this guy's oh
okay one thing I'm concerned about is we
bargained with no one we tried with the
gpus and they were both just like no and
those were a lot cheaper than the rest
of the market we probably should have
tried to bargain with 170 guy for the
system but once he recognized you I
couldn't bargain anymore and it wasn't
worth not getting it at that point cuz
we needed something we're we're going to
lose CPU stuff we will I I guarantee you
they'll have a better CP lus is going to
take a more rounded approach I bet you
his setup is going to be nicer in
general I bet you he's going to have a
better CPU and then we're going to come
in with the like the club with nails
driven through it of a 3080 be like
what's up you want to go big update
we've got a new buyer his name is Budd
he's willing to take the stock cooler
instead of the hyper 212 but he want
want the better motherboard but he's way
closer and I talked him into taking the
cougar c yeah let's
go so let's saw get this board out of
here because we're no longer using it
okay and we got to get the CPU swapped
and we got to get out of here and I got
to put my beard back on when are we
meeting him uh we're meeting him before
2:30 as soon as I told pal that I had
another offer he's like well what's the
deal oh all of a sudden he wants to
negotiate you know what you pal in
all fairness I respect the hustle I do
respect the hustle respect what we did
to other people in previous shows and
this one messages me like bro I swear
nobody keeps their word these days
whatever man enjoy and I'm like if he
backs out I'll let you know he goes he
ain't oh so knows what a good deal it is
you pal one more this cooler is
going with this board this CPU comes out
though so that's our 4500 and then our
3600 is going to go in here you could
throw like a tiny bit more goop on there
but the goop that's on there is probably
F you know what here here goop
transplant oh yeah should we take a
photo of it before we put it on no he he
wants to boot it up while we're there
wants to see it post which makes sense
so what I was thinking was oh that's a
lot whatever so what I was thinking was
we will just build it can we try to post
it before we leave yeah do we have
another Ram stick he gets one ram stick
oh he gets one ram stick why am I you're
building his system oh I see uh these
fans um you can just basically find
anywhere that looks like that and just
kind of plug them in uh management who
is she I don't think we're going to do
Cable Management on this bad boy nice
got it perfect thank you hard dri is in
everything's in the reason I want to see
this post before we go is that if for
whatever reason this system does not
work now is the time for us to tell hey
look sorry uh we can't spare the
motherboard or whatever you know this is
mostly Daniel's system anyway we've got
his Ram his cooler his motherboard it's
just the CPU from the weird Craigslist
guy all right okay all my fan spin
that's a good sign GPU fan spin thank
you Jawa show me an output anytime buddy
it's okay sometimes it takes a minute or
two no HDMI signal from your device
going into standby mode I wonder if it
needs a bios update well we're going to
have to gamble we've got to go meet the
guy let's make sure that this one
posts Now's the Time hey oh there we go
uh let's power it off here's what we're
going to do Sammy we are going to do the
world's fastest bios update I need that
CPU this CPU the one that's in there so
here's what I want to see I want to see
this motherboard post with a definitely
compatible CPU all right not stressed
not stressed it's still not posting no
it's stuck on CPU are you kidding me oh
no no no no no this is bad did we plug
it into the GP power supply correctly
yeah
come on come on come
on oh I think it's doing stuff it's
doing stuff oh thank God okay okay I am
sweating absolute buckets right now and
Flash come on come on come on come on no
no this is fine everything's fine what
time is it at 5 to do we're still going
to be okay but we have to go like now
hey here we go yeah so the BIOS on this
board is from 2020 so that's why it
wasn't posting with this 40,000 series
chip just hadn't had support added for
it yet this is good let's take a moment
and talk about one of the great features
of java if you want to skip the hassle
of listing your GPU for sale on a
Marketplace you can sell it directly to
Jaa to help offset the cost of your
upgrade hilariously after all the
negotiations with the guy that we're
selling this one to we actually would
have gotten a very similar offer from
Jawa so we could have just saved the
trouble check out
java. and you can also participate in
the giveaways that they have lined up
for scrapyard Wars thanks for sponsoring
this series Jawa what's our ETA Sammy uh
17 minutes plus sweat over a few minutes
so it should be 20 hell yeah here it is
I need to see it post with this chip
this is it this is where we find out if
it post with the 4500 mean the
compatibility list says yes
theoretically it's
[Music]
fine yes okay let's go the t-shirt's not
great literally says LT on it or he just
doesn't know who we are this is it hi
further PC I'm just going to go into
task manager and like just plug in my
mouse oh yeah no storage right no so
it's not going to boot into task manager
it'll just be the BIOS but it posts yeah
yeah it looks good to me sounds good
okay okay thank you very much have a
good day thank you have a good day uh
young man do you uh do you know lonus
Tech tips yeah oh really would you
recognize them if you saw wait no
way do you want to be in the video are
you serious yeah wait really
hi
hi I always thought if I saw you you see
them in the video not recognizing like
oh if I saw them I would know now I
don't we got
him I didn't it's fake dude I'm not this
old B old what are you trying to say
right now that went about as well as it
could have possibly gone Tom you missed
it but this was someone who regularly
watches the channel watches the podcast
literally knew we were doing scrapyard
Wars right now he's like I hope and
still didn't make me very good good work
man so what's our next stop to pick up
the the desk right we need the truck
we're going back yeah we got to go back
we'll pick up a chair and lunch and then
come back and then at 400 p.m. it sounds
like we're going to pick up the keyboard
mouse keyboard mouse mouse pad okay
while Luke is out getting some more
stuff I was taking this to the shop to
give it a dust and holy crap I am glad I
did this is nasty and a fire hazard oh
my God okay so we got the chair it's in
the back we strapped it down I don't
know how excited they were to see Duke
they said nothing zero words when I got
to the door I picked it up said thanks
still no response left nothing but hey
we got a chair there we go a little bit
better there's still a tiny bit of dust
in there but I don't want to take the
air compressor too hard cuz it'll spin
that fan this is more than clean for
kind of this top down look here and even
just from the back so I think we're
going to be good there we made a
decision really early on because we were
trying to get things shipped on time
from Jawa where we were going to get a
standard SATA SSD because we weren't
sure what platform we were going to end
up with and if it was even going to have
an m.2 slot or whatever else but that's
not like a normal problem that you would
have if you were doing this we're
actually upgrading because we found that
the best SSD option that we could find
was an m.2 off of Jawa anyways luckily
we've we've been able to do a bit of a
swap there we found this Patriot p300 on
Jawa which was great we unfortunately
can't get it in time to Canada but
that's okay the judges deemed that this
Intel 660p is more than equivalent
enough for us to install in our system
that way we'd actually have a system to
turn in today thankfully I think that
SSD might actually like save us saved
one of our benchmarks I I still don't
think we're necessarily going to win
that one they might have a better
platform they have a better one with
like more cash or or or something we'll
still lose almost certainly all the
other CPU bound benchmarks but hopefully
we crush the GPU ones enough and I hope
they let us put R tracing on cuz if they
let us put R tracing on we will destroy
certainly whatever they have
are you nervous you look nervous no I'm
not nervous you look super nervous it's
ddr4 right yeah you know if it doesn't
work we can just plant some like
thermite in there and when they go to
start Benchmark we just light it all on
fire and be like whoops as part of our
promoting things that are available on
LTT store.com each team got one of our
PTM 7950 phase change thermal pads these
are a great thermal pad material from
Honeywell that performs really really
well super easy to apply you don't have
to deal with any kind of liquid metal
type nonsense it's non-conductive and
we're going to use that to get really
great temps on our CPU but I'm also
considering maybe putting it on the GPU
is it worth it to tear the cooler off
this thing what's our budget so we got
130 bucks monitor mouse mouse pad desk
chair and everything else this is so
doable I messaged someone with a
Logitech mouse earlier did I hear P oh
he's available from 4:30 to 5:30 how
much is this guy 15 bucks for a Hyperion
402 maybe ask Buddy if he has a mouse
pad can well he's only available from
4:30 so we need to go pick up the desk
okay first and then we will go to Mouse
guy well 15 bucks for a mouse pad or for
a mouse right I was going to tell you I
wouldn't normally bother to repaste a
GPU this new it's probably fine but
knowing that the judges are going to be
looking at temperatures I'm going to
repaste this thing Ben Q 144 Hertz he's
willing to take 70 24 in monitor comes
with DVI cable and power cord DVI cable
might be a bit loose but that monitor
might be uh DVI only for high refresh
rate as well it's disced uh specs DP 1.2
let's just do it I can stop looking at
DP to DVI adapters but we have to pick
up the the desk first if we want to
leave we have to leave basically now you
grabbing the other end of this for
me how bad is it it's fine nothing
nothing broke okay that was fun pencil's
downtime today right for the computer
hoping for five no no you'll have the
computer before oh yeah yeah that's fine
six is fine I'll have the computer for
you before we go out again yeah ideally
you and Luke will go together to hand
the computer's off we have like four
stops to make in the next couple hours
here we need to go now but but Windows
update okay Windows update this guy's
down for another $5 thank you so much
negotiator nice you were the best period
it's possible this hard drive does not
work Sammy you dropped it hey ah sorry
yeah definitely not detected I know that
much I mean we don't need it I don't
think we need it as long as they're not
installing too large of games how much
is our SSD our SSD was 20 bucks no but
like how much store 256 oh that's fine
should be okay can you swing by an
occasionally Windows update yes I also
haven't put the latest NVIDIA drivers on
I can do that other than that she's
tuned let's go I feel like where Samy is
really going to come into her own as the
superior assistant is tomorrow when
we're setting everything up to be
aesthetic cuz Elijah's got a lot going
for him he's pretty techsavvy very
enthusiastic but aesthetic sense Sammy
you got him right yeah so casual all
right we are off to our last pickup of
the day we are trying to get a keyboard
mouse and mouse pad combo for 10 bucks
then that'll leave us with just an audio
setup that we need to get so we're
hoping with you know basically the
entire day of tomorrow we're going to be
able to pick up some free speakers or
something from somewhere I won't have
the makeup tomorrow hopefully whoever
wants to sell it to us won't recognize
me all right well Luke and Glenn are
still out I am going to attempt to
enable XMP we'll change that to XMP
profile one let's see if our computer
boots again now it's starting up again
which is
good oh maybe
not oh oh oh oh come on
bios okay that's good uh memory 3200
look at that eight oh this is getting me
excited I've been very stressed just
trying to get everything installed and
working like I'm I'm confident it's
going to boot and I'm confident we're
going to be fine but it's just I'm still
nervous yeah so we're on like a 2017
bios that's not great let's update
this so we got back from the keyboard
mouse and mouse pad I think it's a win
uh I I won't show you all the stuff now
because of like dangers of driving but
ooh that doesn't sound that great
actually it's definitely like a cheap no
back plate look at
that kind of like knockoff mechanical
keyboard but it's a mechanical keyboard
technically and the mouse is another one
of those kind of like it looks like
maybe like a final mouse or something
like that it's not and we technically
have a mouse pad so it's okay stuff
considering we got it for 10 bucks I'm
very very happy with it Mouse guy I was
like would you go down to 10 he left me
on red I say okay no problem I'll still
come pick up around 5 now just where the
devil or you going Sammy this is like a
strip mall yeah it's a business they're
giving away desks and chairs and they
close at 5:00 p.m. wait oh my God that
would be
hilarious this is my real TI's office no
way what we might get an opportunity to
see if I can pass to someone who knows
me reasonably well hi um we were told to
come here for a desk to pick up let's go
we'll grab the desk first okay yeah it's
pretty heavy uh Ben still work out of
this office yes he does is he here right
now uh he was why watch my hands all
those put that corner right there yep
there we go so the green one's Greener
but that one's kind of better condition
yeah I think we should take the one in
better condition take the take the gray
one okay yeah uh do you mind if I see if
Ben's around sure you can go of okay
thanks so
much
okay hello uh the ladies downstairs said
you were giving away some desk
I just wanted to say thank
you hey
welcome recognize me
yet he bought a house from you oh more
than just that the getup is we're
shooting a video this is one of my team
members we're filming you sorry Ben
sorry to Ambush you like that anyway
thanks for the desk you're welcome all
right see you later Ben oh the look on
his face is hilarious so Ben sold us the
El the lmg office he represented us when
we bought the lab yeah he sold me and
Ivon our first home no we we we go way
back with
Ben wait DVI out on the board yeah PS2
it's like first gen ryzen bro it works
okay okay oh you want know the best part
to get the board updated to the latest
bios I had to do five bios updates cuz I
couldn't jump from the original it was
on the original normal it was on 2017
but it booted we'll see how it goes
there is one fan on the Zotac that is
off balance and so when it stops it'll
get lopsided and then when we reboot it
picks up again but I can fix it by just
like kind of giving it another go should
we just tape it so it doesn't ever spin
so here's where we can really game the
performance that Labs tests is not final
performance as long as our system is
stable when we drag race it it's fine
the things that Labs testing that are
our final is things like noise so we
take the tape off tomorrow yes I'm so
down pull the limiter
out uh well this is just cyber Punk
being cyber
Punk starting to take off dude we are
averaging 60 FPS you murdering innocent
civilians yes that's what that's a
mentality we need in scrapyard Duke good
training young Mike we got to use that
on the streets what quality setting is
we're Ultra at 1080p that's pretty sick
that is pretty loud though and I don't
think we're going to be able to use side
panel's not on either sure yeah that's
not better at all is it kicking off a
lot of heat
no and the air volume is also very bad
yeah these fans are pretty rinky dinky
should have just taken that whole system
from stratum just pulled the fans out of
it cuz having no fans in the top too is
like kind of rough yeah you going to be
able to mess with fan profiles and stuff
too yeah I mean our GPU is getting up to
87 88 maybe we shouldn't mess with fan
profiles yeah CPU is at 50 our CPU is
like fine actually taping plan was fun
but when it's cranked
up that was on Q yeah wow when it's
cranked up the fan is fine and honestly
I think we might need it yeah let's just
let her be loud she's just a loud
computer cuz I think people got to
realize like gpus are loud push can we
steal some of the sound foam what
happens if we
like I think it just is loud though yeah
I don't think it's going to help that
much yeah I'm trying to I'm trying to
game but we got zero minutes left so I
think we just got to kind of line isn't
back yet so you got bit more time a cou
more
minutes yeah we're ready and he's late
that traditionally comes with downsides
I'm just saying what the downsides
are varies I don't know there's been
crazy ones where it was like 10% every
10 minutes or something every 10 minutes
over the deadline was minus 10% I
believe to your score and it sort of
depends on how late he is like if you're
like 5 minutes late it's like who gives
a but if he shows up at 6 that's
kind of a big deal I saw I messaged them
being asking what the UTA was so typical
lus always late yeah I gave them
permission to pick something up later
but I told them they had to be back at
5: to do
this so they're late for that part of it
I said Sammy could pick it up till 6:00
cuz I technically they're on 10 till 600
I might just send you in Sammy for this
pickup oh man like now I'm negotiating
with David apparently we don't have
enough storage for all the benchmarks
maybe we should have looked at what the
Benchmark requirements
were okay that's not going to work for
tomorrow he says oh man I mean uh can we
get a random hard we have to get it done
by today I don't know what's going on
yeah how are we going to get another
Drive I mean we can afford it yeah I had
no idea we were going to need more than
256 gigs so it's this complex here hey
what unit was it we don't know where
this what unit this guy lives and he's
not responding so the mouse deal is dead
I guess so bummer now David's calling me
hey David how are you I'm not going to
lie I still have not looked at the
Benchmark requirements I suppose it
mentions that we need some amount of
storage it's not specifically specified
that you need a certain amount of
storage um then I guess we won't get
anything docked for that that's not true
hold on hold on just a gosh darn minute
here if it's not a requirement it's not
a requirement uh it's an implied
requirement that the benchmarks need to
be installed
you can't have an implied requirement
sir is the problem that your drive is
broken yes my drive is broken but I had
one working drive so I figured I was in
good shape Drive Works what which one
the 750 I just plugged it in and it
detected right away really oh Mouse just
replied sorry well then that's great so
we'll use the hard drive so what I had
intended to do actually was set them up
as tiered storage but we can delay so
Luke can go hand his PC in they can
start the testing on his then when you
get back you can set up the tiered
storage no I don't I don't think I'm
going to be able to cuz to set up tiered
storage you have to install to the hard
drive can you just tell me what the
benchmarks are and then uh uh I can pull
it up just like you could have based on
the document I sent out earlier today we
have never had it in the past that you
have to have all the benchmarks on the
drive at a time so if that wasn't
explicitly in the rules I expect there
to be no penalty for this and the fact
that I happen to have a working drive it
turns out that's a bonus did you really
think we were going to all stand around
do that or are you just playing a game
uh to try and win we've done that before
no I'm serious sto the amount of storage
unless it's explicitly laid out is just
whatever it is and you just install
whatever you need when you need it when
we've tested in the past okay that's
what the subjective scoring is for is
bring your to marage there that's going
to be up to the judges but yeah it will
affect the subjective scoring yeah yeah
that's fine no no I knew that um so
David put whatever the most storage
dependent ones are on the SSD and then
put everything else on the hard drive I
guess okay sounds good all right thanks
David we doing this thing how much was
it 15 hello Mouse guy yeah here's the
mouse oh thank you great do you think
you'll like this yep lots of buttons
gamer yeah it's good it's my
exgirlfriend oh oh sorry to hear that no
no no it's fine oh then I'm glad to hear
that
yeah I built a computer for her and
everything so uh so 15 yeah okay how'd
you learn to use uh build computers it's
pretty easy like honestly if you watch
on YouTube it's super easy to do what's
like a good Channel yeah we got to build
one right now so oh really yeah just
what would we look up you think like
honestly uh NCIX will do for like 100
bucks too if you're like very unsure
about like what you're doing no good
Channel sir I don't think NC is in
business remember Express oh okay what
was that channel that uh that that you
knew uh lonus Tech tips oh okay oh lus
is he's really good oh okay really yeah
I heard he's from Vancouver I think he's
in langle yeah a really small world yeah
yeah okay thank you would you want to be
in one of linus' videos I mean I think
you're wearing his shirt right now so
really yeah really am I look like him
yeah do I do I look like him yes you do
are you sure yeah okay how long did it
take you to recognize me I actually
thought I I recognized you pretty early
and then I noticed the shirt damn the
damn shirt I had the sweater in there
we've been running around today man
thankfully I think that SSD might
actually like save us saved one of our
benchmarks so it'll take a second to
cook up cuz that's just what steam does
our disc usage is climbing we're at
627 700 to dude I'm so happy about and
like our CPU is unpacking on all threads
dude if they have to download to that
hard drive yeah they're screwed they're
screwed
brother okay so we're heading to our
next protocol I'm not in David's good
books right now I'm kind of afraid to
ask him for a favor but we might need to
be allowed to pick something up a little
bit after 600 today it's 5:30 not here
it's a little ridiculous like it
honestly probably doesn't even matter
for the competition but I just I just
want him to
cook we did it you were ready in time we
crossed the Finish Line I'm proud of our
child I'd be happy with this computer me
too do you think that you have the
better system when compared to Linus
it's always hard to tell we saw a CPU
that he was selling knowing how he tends
to approach these challenges I think
he'll have strong points that are weak
points for us and I think we'll have
strong points or are weak points for him
so I really don't know how it's going to
come out our strongest point is GPU our
weakest point is everything else but our
weakest points aren't like that weak
like the CPU is pretty solid we were
running some stuff like in cyberp Punk
we had no CPU bound issues even with the
380 I guess we'll see how Labs deals
with it cuz that's going to be the yeah
the real test it'll suffer in some areas
I suspect he has a better processor I
think that'll be our hardest
Point have you guys put any thought into
the Benchmark you get to choose because
we know we're CPU limited we're going to
definitely be avoiding picking those
games we don't we don't want to do no
counter strike that's what we're
currently thinking probably Tomb Raider
if I remember correctly from my days
Tomb Raider scaled really well with CPU
and GPU but and GPU is the big important
part of that and I'm guessing because
you are running a 3080 you want to have
your settings cranked high resolution we
would love to do raid tracing on
everything we just want to put that out
there right now it's 2024 you should
just have raid tracing I don't
understand why this is even a
conversation any amount of time of our
lives spent without ra tracing from here
on is a waste so I I believe Tom's
Hardware said it first what is life
without R tracing yeah exactly it's time
to hand your system in for testing all
right here it goes oh boy don't fail me
[Music]
now hey there brother hello m m Miss
David hi I can hear you now okay we're
going to arrive at our second last stop
for today at 6 your second last stop at
6 well that's what I was going to tell
you is it would certainly be convenient
for us to do one more stop today after 6
but we we don't need to but we would
prefer to do our last stop today in
costume which has a clear content
benefit and then take a small time
penalty
tomorrow yeah fine sure all right that's
about the best outcome we could have
hoped for Sammy yep and what are we
picking up at this spot again uh monitor
sorry I just have a hard time hi uh
we're here to pick up a monitor uh you
can come on inside oh thank you
hey sorry SC through the garage oh sorry
Hi good thank you so I'll just take this
or do you want to give him the cash oh
thank you and then again like I was
saying though the cord is a little bit
ficky so like sometimes you'll notice
that it'll cut out in and out so um we
have another one I think thank you very
much have a great day no worries take
care guys thank you take care take care
I don't think you recognized us no I
don't think so
uh shoot Sammy didn't you say this one
had display port yeah we looked it up uh
I think it's a different model oh
doesn't have display port this will be
interesting I think what might end up
happening is we might have to get a
display port to DVI adapter if we want
to run it 120 Herz so we'll have to see
how it goes shoot this may have been a
miscalculation this monitor but that's
okay that's okay overall overall it's
going to be a really good package we've
got a monitor wait are we at Luke's
complex holy sh
we are at Luke's building right now for
our last pickup of the day this is
Luke's response here oh there that's it
right there look thank I just don't use
them oh sure so there you are as long as
someone can use them then oh great thank
you okay I really appreciate that no
worries all right take care yeah okay
all right thank you not so much as a
Second Glance some nice little edifier
speakers 20 bucks let's do it we made it
our last pickup was at 6:30 so you can
penalize us however you see fit well how
do you think you did your system's
basically complete we had a few options
for configuration we almost ended up
with a 3600 but we ended up with a 4500
ryzen processor because the speed was
almost the same and the price that we
were able to get flipping our 3600 was
better cuz the 4500 nobody knew what the
heck it was we got our hands on a 3070
for what I thought was a pretty good
deal 16 gigs of RAM XMP worked just like
that needed a bios update in order for
everything to be hunky dory but I think
it's a great system for the price
overall I still don't know how much we
paid for it well we'll uh price out some
Ed parts and we'll find out for
ourselves but our first inspection so
far we did open it up we're actually
quite surprised to see oh okay secret
surpris well what's the point of me
talking to him I thought he supposed to
tell me how my systems doing you should
have read documents I sent you I'm
building a gaming PC we shared a test
plan we got input from everybody on how
to best break or sorry test your system
it's a great gaming system it's a great
gaming system for gamers I guess we're
going to find out tomorrow thanks for
watching this
video comparison is the thief of Joy
that's what this is all about it it's
very creative I give this actually a
full 25 what look at these numbers
though this testing that I definitely
extensively did on my own before turning
over the system
also wow
wow is that ever quiet what's my CPU
Temps at hey get out of here get out I'm
allowed to see this is my damn system I
can look at whatever CPU temps I want
get out of here